---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-05-07T17:01:31.207Z'
dateModified: '2016-05-07T17:01:29.930Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-05-07-91b78022-61b2-4468-a230-50e31a43a827.md
url: 91b78022-61b2-4468-a230-50e31a43a827/index.html
_type: Article

---
****

**WELCOME TO THE CLASS**

A study of behavior in organizations and influences of individual, group, and organizational processes on performance. Among the topics that will be introduced are interpersonal perception, motivation, group and team dynamics, decision making, influence and conflict, interpersonal communication, and organizational cultures.

Please feel free to either e-mail me at 

pcombs@marymount.edu

or call me at 240.994.6282\.

****

**GOALS**

To acquaint you further with organizational management, we'll keep these goals in mind: 

Construct an understanding of given aspects of organizational management by comparing, contrasting---selecting---from among various models of organizational theory and management behavior that will, in turn, enable you to... 

Communicate your understanding of given aspects of organizational outcomes in such a way that ambiguity is reduced and that shared understanding, if not agreement, is achieved. 

In so doing, you will acquire a broad-based familiarity with "classic" and contemporary thought leaders having the greatest impact on organizational management. 

Further, you will examine the role that culture plays in contributing to effective communication, motivation, and "control" in organizations, and... 

Develop and articulate a defensible concept of leadership in organizations.

****

**MATERIALS**

Robbins, S.P. and Judge, T.A. (2013). 

[][0]_Organizational behavior_

(15th ed.). Boston: Pearson. 

Any other book, entirely of your choice, over the semester. 

Various
journal articles as assigned.

[0]: mailto:Paul.Combs@marymount.edu